# Food-Inspector-AI-ML-Project
# INTRODUCTION:-
Nowadays most of the cities have hundreds of restaurants, so food inspection has become a necessity. like in our country India, where the population is high and the number of restaurants is also high, so manual food inspection is very random and inefficient so many places which are very unhygienic are left over and a lot of people consume that unhygienic food. So instead of manual inspection, many people post their reviews on different social websites like Zomato, swiggy, Justdial and based on those reviews, we can focus on the restaurants which are tagged as unhygienic in the reviews. So, sir our main target is to develop a model which will gather data from these social websites and will narrow down our search. Our algorithm will detect words, phrases, and different such patterns or features to help make the restaurants as unhygienic and also help the food inspection department to focus on these restaurants.
# Problem Statement:-
The main problem that we identified is with the Food Inspection Department. As the number of restaurants is high, manual food inspection is very random and inefficient so many places which are very unhygienic are left over and a lot of people consume that unhygienic food which is the problem and also so much time is wasted for the department through manual inspection.
# Proposed Methodology:-
Sentiment analysis is the computational task of automatically determining what feelings a writer is expressing in text. Sentiment is often framed as a binary distinction (positive vs. negative), but it can also be more fine-grained, like identifying the specific emotion an author is expressing (like fear, joy or anger), that is what we did do identify the feelings of users towards that restaurant based on the reviews scrapped into the database.Extracting various features that may affect a restaurant’s overall rating like (Online order, reservation available, rate, votes, cuisines, reviews ) we parsed them into an LSTM model to analyze the overall sentiments users had for the restaurants which later can be 
used to predict the likely hood of a restaurant being “good” or “bad".
# Solution:-
Our project is helping the Food Inspection Department of the particular area by providing the details and tags about the restaurants whether that restaurant is hygienic or unhygienic which saves a lot of time of the department by avoiding them to do the manual inspection of the restaurants.
